TOOLS

1. urlscan.io -- search website indirectly and get many more info (techs used to website, IPs, redirected links)

2. haveibeenpwned -- tells whether email has been breached and from whom

3. copyscape - enter website, tells whether someone is copying this page's content or this page content is copied from someone elses'

4. dnstwister - finds similar domains over internet

5. waybackmachine - go back in time in internet

6. virustotal -- detects the maliciousness in URL, file, domain etc

7. spyse.com -- Find suubdomains
             - you may find the sevierity of risk/vulnerabilities on spyse
             - services or technologies hosted on that server
             - IP Address of domain/subdomains

8. dnsdumpster.com -- find & lookup dns records

9. whois -- whois lookup & DNS lookup, hosting provider, admin

10. builtwith -- technologies used on particular website

11. intelx.io

12. epieos tools - search an email, and much more details to get

13. mobilefriendly test

14. carrot2 -- details by name, organisation etc

15. urlcrazy, dnsenum, theharvestor, superscan


16. WEB DATA EXTRACTOR - A web scraping tool specifically designed for mass-gathering of various data types. It can harvest URLs, phone and fax numbers, email addresses, as well as meta tag information and body text.





Another Usefull Sites:

https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ethical_hacking/ethical_hacking_tools.html - Whole Set of Tools for Hackers

demo.testfire.net - dummy website for reconnaissance
upes.ac.in - dummy website for reconnaissance

www.imperva.com
threatmap.fortiguard.com
threatmap.checkpoint.com
www.fireeye.com


- map.lookingglasscyber.com : Map that shows live Attacks globally
- livethreatmap.radware.com : to know which malware is currently attacking people, what is going on in cyberworld



KALI LINUX OSINT TOOLS : 

1. xeuledoc - Finds the owner of the publicly available document
	>sudo xeuledoc <link of the document>
2. holehe - Fetch Details of email Address where it has been registered              
	>sudo pip3 install holehe
	>sudo holehe "email address"
