Google Dorks


Google Dorking involves using specialist search terms and advanced search operators to find results that are not usually displayed using regular 
search terms. You can use them to search specific file types, cached versions of a particular site, websites containing specific text etc. Bad 
actors widely use it to locate website configuration files and loopholes left due to bad coding practices. 

Some of the widely used Google dorks are mentioned below:

1. inurl: Searches for a specified text in all indexed URLs. 
        For example, 'inurl:hacking' will fetch all URLs containing the word "hacking".
2. filetype: Searches for specified file extensions. 
        For example, 'filetype:pdf "hacking" ' will bring all pdf files containing the word "hacking". 
3. site: Searches all the indexed URLs for the specified domain. 
        For example, 'site:hostname.com' will bring all the indexed URLs from  hostname.com.
4. cache: Get the latest cached version by the Google search engine. 
        For example, 'cache:hostname.com'.
5. intitle: Enables users to find web pages with a certain word or phrase in the title.
        For example, 'intitle:final.attendee.list "Fraud" '
6. intext: Show results where text is in the main body of the text of a website.
        For example, 'Skopenow intext:OSINT', 'keyword1 intext:keyword2'
7. allintext: Enables to find web pages that contain a list of keywords in the main text of the web page but not necessarily next to one another.
        For example, ' allintext: keyword1 keyword2 keyword3 keyword4'
8. map: Map operator enables users to force Google to show map results for a locational search.
        For example, 'map:locationname'
9. cache: Displays the web pages stored in Google cache.
        For example, 'cache:domainname.com'
10. link: Lists web pages that have links to specified web page.
        For example, 'link:facebook.com'
11. related: Lists web page that are similar to the specified web page.
        For example, 'related:domain.com'
12. info: Presents some information that Google has about a specified web page.
        For example, 'info:domain.com'

13. *: Wildcard - Represents a wildcard within search strings, taking the place of words or phrases between two keywords.
        For example, 'keyword1*keyword2', 'robdouglas*com' 
14. -: Not search term - Minus operator enables users to exclude a word or phrase from search results.
        For example, 'Github -www.github.com' searches for Github but excludes www.github.com.
15. + or AND: Enables searching for results that must include two different words phrases. Searching for both X and Y.
        For example, 'Keyword1ANDkeyword2', 'keyword1+keyword2'
16. | or OR: enables searching for multiple words as alternatives to one another, locating either X or Y or both.
        For example, 'keyword1ORkeyword2', 'keyword1|keyword2'

17. "keyword/phrase": Quotation marks enables to force an exact match for required words or phrases.
        For example, "an entire phrase to be searched as it is"

For example, you can use the dork 'site:github.com "DB_PASSWORD" ' to search only in github.com and look for the string DB_PASSWORD (possible 
database credentials).




Basic Formula of Dork --

"inurl:."domain"/"dorks" "
        
        Here,
                “inurl” = input URL
                “domain” = your desired domain ex. .gov
                “dorks” = your dork of your choice

EXAMPLE -

“inurl:.gov/index.php?id=”





DORKING EXAMPLES --


--> How to access online cameras using Google Dorks?
        intitle:webcamXP 5
        inurl:top.htm inurl:currenttime
    -> Using the "top.htm" in the URL with the current date and time can fetch the list of live cameras that are publicly exposed.
        inurl:"lvappl.htm"

--> Dork Command using Multiple Google Dorks:
        intitle:google filetype:pdf
    -> Using the "intitle:" query with "filetype:" will filter out all the documents that contain the title and mentioned file format.
        "allintext:" with "filetype:"

--> How to Explore LOG files for Login Credentials?
        allintext:password filetype:log after:2021
    -> Finds the .LOG files accidentally disclosed on the internet having indications about the credentials of any system or information of various admin or user accounts present in the system.

--> How to Explore Open FTP Servers?
        intitle:"index of" inurl:ftp
        intitle:"index of" inurl:http after:2021
        intitle:"forum" inurl:http after:2021
    -> Explores publicly disclosed FTP Servers unintentionally.

--> Explore Configurations Using ENV files
        DB_USERNAME filetype:env
        DB_PASSWORD filetype:enc=v
    -> .env is used to declare general variables and configurations for local as well as dev environment.

:: NOTE :: Move .env files to somewhere that is not publicly accessible.


        

--> Google Dorks for Hacking Purposes:
        intext:
        inurl:
        site:
        define:
        info:
        link:
        maps:
        book:
        weather:
        movie:
        phonebook:
        related:


    

   ______________
:: Recommendation ::

-->       Website owners must configure a file name robots.txt file properly. It is a must to prevent Google Dorks from accessing important data of your site through a google search. Also, it is very important to keep the plugins up to date.         <--







